README.md, before:

# Table of Contents

- [Purpose](#purpose)
    - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
- [User-Stories](#user-stories)
    - [First-Time-Visitor-Goals](#first-time-visitor-goals)
    - [Returning-Visitor-Goals](#returning-visitor-goals)
    - [Frequent-Visitor-Goals](#frequent-visitor-goals)
- [Design](#design)
    - [Colour-Scheme](#colour-scheme)
    - [Logo](#logo)
    - [Typography](#typography)
    - [Imagery](#imagery)
- [Wireframes](#wire-frames)
- [Features](#features)
    - [Existing-Features](#existing-features)
    - [Features-left-to-Implement](#features-left-to-implement)
- [Testing](#testing)
    - [Manual-Testing](#manual-testing)
    - [Issues-and-Resolutions](#issues-and-resolutions-found-during-testing)
    - [Lighthouse](#lighthouse-testing)
    - [Validator-Testing](#validator-testing)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Credits](#credits)
    - [Content](#content)
    - [Media](#media)
    - [Code](#code)
    - [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

# Star Trek Quiz

### Purpose
The Star Trek Quiz page is designed to be a fun quiz for those interested in Star Trek. It has a quiz that asks questions about the star trek shows. It gives the user a result at the end depending on their score and has a name generator that the user can click to get a random Star Trek name and species. 
As this website is designed for those interested in Star Trek the game page is designed to resemble one of the consoles from the enterprise. Along with using images from the show and the Star Trek logo for brand recognition.

Click the link to be directed to the live website:

![responsive](assets/images/readme/responsive.png)

### Target Audience
The target audience for this website are people who are looking for a fun online Star Trek quiz. It is geared towards people with an interest in Star Trek but anyone could enjoy the site.

Commit message:

Add User Stories section to ReadMe file which includes first time, returning and frequent user goals

README.md, after:

# Table of Contents

- [Purpose](#purpose)
    - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
- [User-Stories](#user-stories)
    - [First-Time-Visitor-Goals](#first-time-visitor-goals)
    - [Returning-Visitor-Goals](#returning-visitor-goals)
    - [Frequent-Visitor-Goals](#frequent-visitor-goals)
- [Design](#design)
    - [Colour-Scheme](#colour-scheme)
    - [Logo](#logo)
    - [Typography](#typography)
    - [Imagery](#imagery)
- [Wireframes](#wire-frames)
- [Features](#features)
    - [Existing-Features](#existing-features)
    - [Features-left-to-Implement](#features-left-to-implement)
- [Testing](#testing)
    - [Manual-Testing](#manual-testing)
    - [Issues-and-Resolutions](#issues-and-resolutions-found-during-testing)
    - [Lighthouse](#lighthouse-testing)
    - [Validator-Testing](#validator-testing)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Credits](#credits)
    - [Content](#content)
    - [Media](#media)
    - [Code](#code)
    - [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

# Star Trek Quiz

### Purpose
The Star Trek Quiz page is designed to be a fun quiz for those interested in Star Trek. It has a quiz that asks questions about the star trek shows. It gives the user a result at the end depending on their score and has a name generator that the user can click to get a random Star Trek name and species. 
As this website is designed for those interested in Star Trek the game page is designed to resemble one of the consoles from the enterprise. Along with using images from the show and the Star Trek logo for brand recognition.

Click the link to be directed to the live website:

![responsive](assets/images/readme/responsive.png)

# Target Audience
The target audience for this website are people who are looking for a fun online Star Trek quiz. It is geared towards people with an interest in Star Trek but anyone could enjoy the site.

# User Stories
### First Time Visitor Goals
As a first-time visitor I want to easily be able to understand the purpose of the site – eg that this is a quiz about Star Trek. I want to be able to easily navigate to the quiz page. I also want to get additional information on the show.

### Returning Visitor Goals
As a returning visitor I want to be able to take the quiz again to see if I can improve my score. I want to be able to go to the shows page and get more information on the shows. 

### Frequent Visitor Goals
As a frequent visitor I want to be able to check if there are new questions added to the quiz or name generator. Or any new feartures added in general.
